---
title: phpMyFAQ News from 2006
description: Revisions and better spam protection with phpMyFAQ 1.6
canonical: news/2006
layout: news_md.hbs
---

**2006-12-15**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.8](/download). This release fixes some
serious security issues like SQL injection and remote code execution. All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are
encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest version! A
detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2006-12-15) is available. We also fixed the blank dropdown issue when
installing phpMyFAQ for the first time and some minor bugs.

**2006-11-27**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.7](/download). This release adds a Persian 
(Farsi) translation. We also fixed some PHP 5.2.0 related issues and some minor bugs.

**2006-10-28**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.6](/download). This release updates the
Arabic translation and the bundled Net_IDNA class to version 0.4.4. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2006-10-08**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the first preview of our next generation
release, [phpMyFAQ 2.0.0-alpha](/download). This first public release includes a rewritten and enhanced user management
and authorization management. We added Ajax support, automatic link verification, the possibility of a user binding
to a category, a glossary support, the possibility to delete admin log, a configurable visibility of new questions, and
an improved and template-based XHTML export. New features are also dynamic related articles, support for Google and
Yahoo! sitemaps, an improved WYSIWYG editor and Image Manager, an improved News module, tagging of FAQ records and a
DiggIt! link. We also improved the export functions, the URL rewrite functions and the category management. The whole
administration backend was redesigned for better usability. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this
version and report bugs!

**2006-09-21**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.5](/download). This release adds a French
documentation and a Welsh translation. The Czech translation was updated. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2006-08-19**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.4](/download). The Brazilian Portuguese, Dutch,
French, Italian, Japanese and Portuguese translation were updated. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2006-07-16**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.3](/download). This release adds a German
documentation and a spec file for building an RPM package of phpMyFAQ. The Simplified Chinese translation is now based
on UTF-8 and the bundled Net_IDNA class was updated. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2006-06-17**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.2](/download). This release adds the possibility
to delete old user tracking data. The PHP 5 support for MySQL and SQLite was improved. The Dutch, French, Italian, and
Swedish translation were updated. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2006-05-13**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.1](/download). This release adds a spam
control center, mod_rewrite support for lighttpd, support for the Microsoft Internet Explorer 7 search plugins, and an
automatic admin session expiry notice. The administration backend was improved once more and the highlighting of
searched words works better now. The Italian, the German and the English translation were updated. We also fixed some
minor bugs.

**2006-04-21**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.0](/download). The major improvements are the
revision system and the revamped administration backend. The improved fulltext search lets you search in a selected
category and all records can be accessed with a unique solution ID. Graphical captchas, a bad word filter and IP ban
lists provide a really good protection against spambots. phpMyFAQ is now supporting 31 languages. This release also
fixes a memory leak vulnerability in PHP.

We also release the security release [phpMyFAQ 1.5.9](/download) which fixes a memory leak vulnerability in PHP.

**2006-04-09**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.8](/download). This version includes an
updated Korean translation and some minor bugfixes.

**2006-04-01**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the second release candidate of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.0](/download). This release adds
an RSS feed for the open questions, and many bugfixes. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this
version and report bugs!

**2006-03-22**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of the first release candidate of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.0](/download).
This version includes updated Italian and Japanese translation. We also fixed many bugs. Do not use this version in
production systems, but test this version and report bugs!

**2006-03-10**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the beta release of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.0](/download). This release adds a bad word
list blocker, searching in one selected category and linked breadcrumbs. The record administration was improved and
captcha support is working now. We also fixed many bugs. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this
version and report bugs!

**2006-03-02**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.7](/download). This version includes some
minor bugfixes.

**2006-02-23**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the first alpha release of [phpMyFAQ 1.6.0](/download). This release adds a
unique solution id to every FAQ record and adds support for a wiki-like revision system. The spam protections are really
better now with the support for captchas. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this version and
report bugs!

**2006-01-27**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.6](/download). This version adds a Basque
translation and an improved spam protection. It also includes some minor improvements and many minor bugfixes.
