---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2014
description: Improving the 2.8 version and working hard on phpMyFAQ 2.9
canonical: news/2014
layout: news_md.hbs
---


**2014-12-31**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.19](/download), the "Udo Jürgens" release.
This release fixes some minor issues. Happy New Year!


**2014-11-30**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.18](/download), the "Tugce Albayrak" release. It adds a
clickjacking preventions and we fixed some minor issues, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to
upgrade as soon as possible to this latest version! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2014-11-30) is
available.


**2014-11-05**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.17](/download), the "Beware of bugs in the
code" release. This release fixes a typo in the update script.


**2014-11-03**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.16](/download), the "Jack Bruce" release. It fixes a bug when
restoring from backups and we fixed a lot of minor issues.


**2014-10-02**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of
[phpMyFAQ 2.8.15](/download), the "Oops, we did it again!" release. This release fixes the broken installation
introduced with phpMyFAQ 2.8.14 and updates the Farsi translation.


**2014-10-01**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.14](/download), the "Happy Birthday, Bianca!" release. This
release fixes an installation compatibility issue with MySQL 5.1 and MySQL 5.5 introduced with phpMyFAQ 2.8.13. We also
fixed some minor issues.


**2014-09-16**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.13](/download), the "Joachim Fuchsberger"
release. This release fixes multiple security vulnerabilities, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to
upgrade as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2014-09-16) is
available. We also added SQLite3 support, backported from phpMyFAQ 2.9. We also updated the Chinese (Traditional),
Farsi, Italian and Spanish translation. We also fixed some minor issues.


**2014-08-12**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the first preview version of the next major version of phpMyFAQ,
[phpMyFAQ 2.9.0-alpha](/download), the "Robin Williams" release. This release pushes the PHP requirement to PHP 5.4.4
and later and we dropped support for ext/mysql and SQLite2. We added a tag intersection based search, permissions for
guests, support for multiple LDAP/AD servers and full support for SQLite 3. We added a lot of new configuration items
and updated the Frontend to Bootstrap 3.2. We redesigned the whole admin backend and we're now using TinyMCE v4. Please
don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!


**2014-08-02**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.12](/download), the "MH17" release. This
release updates the Hebrew translation, fixes the Twitter OAuth v1.1 compability, updates the bundled Symfony
ClassLoader to version 2.5.1 and fixes the RSS/Atom feed compatibility. We also fixed some minor issues.


**2014-06-28**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.11](/download), the "Frank Schirrmacher" release. This release
updates the German, Romanian and Spanish translations and fixes some issues.


**2014-05-30**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.10](/download), the "HR Giger" release. This
release finally drops support for Internet Explorer 7 and 8, updates the Brazilian Portuguese  translation and the
bundles TinyMCE and TCPDF packages. We also fixed some minor issues.


**2014-04-28**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.9](/download), the "Tito Vilanova" release. This release updates
the Thai translation and fixes a lot of minor bugs.


**2014-03-18**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.8](/download), the "Harold Ramis" release.
This release improves the API security and fixes the search for Hebrew characters. We also fixed the PDF export for
Czech and Slovak FAQs and a lot of reported bugs.


**2014-02-05**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.7](/download), the "Yes, we still support PHP 5.3" release. This
release fixes an issue for PHP 5.3 introduced with our phpMyFAQ 2.8.6 release. If you use PHP 5.4 or PHP 5.5 you don't
have to upgrade.


**2014-02-04**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.8.6](/download), the "Philip Seymour Hoffman"
release. This release fixes XSS and CSRF vulnerabilities for user's of older Internet Explorer versions, all users of
affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security
advisory](/security/advisory-2014-02-04) is available. We updated the Hungarian and Spanish translation. We updated
bundled Symfony ClassLoader to version 2.4.1 and fixed some minor bugs.