---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2019
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2019
layout: news_md.hbs
---

###2019-11-30
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-beta.3](/download), the "Jimmy Schulz" release. This third beta
version adds a new feature called meta data, which supports adding your own text or HTML snippets to our templates. We
added a Mongolian translation and we completely removed the Facebook support. We improved the admin backend, we
refactored a lot of PHP source code. We fixed a lot of issues found by our test users of the second beta release and we
updated almost all of our bundled dependencies. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this
version and please report bugs!

###2019-02-14
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.13](/download) and [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-beta.2](/download).
These release fix the XSS vulnerabilities discovered in Bootstrap 3.4.0 and 4.3.0.

###2019-02-12
* * *
Happy birthday, phpMyFAQ! We're celebrating the 18th "birthday" of phpMyFAQ today. The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to
announce [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-beta](/download), the "Tomi Ungerer" release. This first beta version adds a new category
administration view, a new FAQ administration view, a new homepage layout including categories, an improved file upload,
support for Elasticsearch v6 and shiny new login screens. We fixed a lot of issue found by our test users of the forth
alpha release and we updated almost all of our bundled dependencies. Please don't use this version in production
systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

We also release [phpMyFAQ 2.9.12](/download), it includes Bootstrap v3.4 and fixes some minor issues.

###2019-01-24
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-alpha.4](/download), the "Joachim Deckarm"
release. The forth pre-release adds a 404 page template and improves the brute force detection handling. We updated
the Turkish translation and updated all third party dependencies. We fixed a lot of issue found by our test users of the
second alpha release and we updated almost all of our bundled dependencies. Please don't use this version in production
systems, but test this version and please report bugs!