---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2023
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2023
layout: news_md.hbs
---

### 2023-11-24
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.3](/download),
the "Ken Mattingly" release.
This release supports the latest PHP 8.3 release, we updated all bundled dependencies, and fixed all reported issues.

### 2023-10-27
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.2](/download), the "Sir Bobby Charlton" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, we re-added the TinyMCE fullscreen mode and fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-10-27).

### 2023-10-05
* * *
After more than 14 years on Twitter/X we deactivated our account today.
You can find us now at [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/phpmyfaq.bsky.social).

### 2023-09-21
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.1](/download),
the "Steve Harwell" release.
We also released [phpMyFAQ 3.1.18](/download), the "Roger Whittaker" release.
These releases fix multiple vulnerabilities, and fix all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-09-21).

### 2023-09-04
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0](/download), the "Jimmy Buffett" release.
We changed PHP requirement to PHP 8.1.0 or later, HTTPS is the new default, and we added support for PHP 8.2.
If you use MariaDB, MySQL, Percona Server or Galera Cluster, phpMyFAQ now only supports InnoDB. 
We added support for 2FA (Two-Factor Authentication) support, an experimental Azure AD login, the option to use Google 
ReCaptcha, our own new REST API v2.2 to fetch groups and add categories, a verification of backup files, an option to 
disable questions and notifications, a new mobile first, touch-friendly default layout and added Symfony HttpFoundation 
to improve stability and maintainability.
We removed the broken link verification, the translation frontend for users and the experimental large permissions 
support with sections.
We migrated from SwiftMailer to Symfony Mailer, and we also refactored our codebase to use PHP 8.1 language features.
Additionally, we updated to Bootstrap v5.3 and bundled TinyMCE v6.7. 
The Japanese and the Dutch translation were up-to-date as well.

### 2023-08-30
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-RC.4](/download), the "René Weller" release.
With the forth and hopefully last release candidate, we fixed all reported and known issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-08-27
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.17](/download), the "Sinéad O’Connor" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-08-27).

### 2023-07-21
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-RC.3](/download),
the "Kevin Mitnick" release. 
With the third release candidate, we fixed all reported and known issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-07-16
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.16](/download),
the "Heide Simonis" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-07-16).

### 2023-06-23
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-RC.2](/download), the "The less is more" release.
With the second release candidate, we fixed all reported, known issues and updated the Dutch translation.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-06-17
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.15](/download), the "Glenda Jackson" release.
This release fixes all reported issues.

### 2023-05-29
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-RC](/download), the "Tina Turner" release. 
With the release candidate, we fixed all reported and known issues.
Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-05-17
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.14](/download), the "Kami Rita" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, we updated all bundled dependencies, and fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-05-17).

### 2023-05-14
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-beta.2](/download), the "Happy Birthday, 
Israel" release. With the third preview release, we fixed all reported and known issues. Please don't use this version 
in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!.

### 2023-04-30
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-beta](/download), the "Harry Belafonte" release. With the 
second preview release, we added Symfony HttpFoundation to improve stability and maintainability, removed the broken 
link verification and the translation frontend for users. Additionally, we updated the bundled TinyMCE to v6.3. We fixed
all reported issues and security vulnerabilities. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this 
version and please report bugs!

### 2023-04-23
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.13](/download), the "Al Jaffee" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-04-23).

### 2023-03-31
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.2.0-alpha](/download), the "Lance Reddick" release. With the first
preview release we changed the PHP requirement to PHP 8.1.0 or later and introduced HTTPS as the new default. If you use
MariaDB, MySQL, Percona Server or Galera Cluster, phpMyFAQ now only supports InnoDB. We added support for PHP 8.2, 2FA
(Two Factor Authentication) support, an experimental Azure AD login, the option to use Google ReCaptcha, our own new
REST API v2.2 to fetch groups and add categories, a verification of backup files, an option to disable questions and
notifications and a new mobile first, touch-friendly default layout. We removed the experimental large permissions
support with sections, we migrated from SwiftMailer to Symfony Mailer and we also refactored our codebase to use PHP 8.1
language features. Additionally, we updated to Bootstrap v5.3 and bundled TinyMCE v6.3. Please don't use this version in
production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

### 2023-03-20
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.12](/download), the "Dick Fosbury" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues.
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-03-20).

### 2023-02-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.1.11](/download), the "Lisa Marie Presley" release. This release 
fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues. We also celebrate the 22nd birthday of this little 
project. 🎉🍾🥳
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-02-12).

### 2023-01-15
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 3.1.10](/download), the "Jeff Beck" release.
This release fixes multiple vulnerabilities, and we fixed all reported issues. We wish everyone a happy new year!
[Click here to find a detailed security advisory](/security/advisory-2023-01-15).
