---
title: phpMyFAQ 3.0 Documentation
description: This guide contains the detailed documentation for those using phpMyFAQ 3.0, whether they be administrators or end-users.
canonical: docs/3.0
layout: docs.hbs
---

<a name="top"></a>
<h2 class="visuallyhidden">Contents</h2>  

1.  **[Introduction](#1)**
    1.  [License](#1.1)
    2.  [Support](#1.2)
    3.  [Copyright](#1.3)
2.  **[Installation][5]**
    1.  [Requirements][6]
    2.  [Preparations][7]
    3.  [Setup][8]
    4.  [First Steps][9]
    5.  [Notes regarding the search-function][10]
    6.  [Automatic content negotiation][11]
    7.  [PHP settings][12]
    8.  [Enabling support for SEO-friendly URLs][13]
    9.  [Enabling LDAP support][14]
    10. [PDF export][15]
    11. [Static solution ID][17]
    12. [Spam protection][18]
    13. [Attachments][19]
    14. [Twitter][20]
    15. [Server side recommendations][21]
    16. [Syntax Highlighting][65]
    17. [Elasticsearch Support][66]
3.  **[Upgrading][22]**
    1.  [Upgrading from phpMyFAQ 2.8.x][23]
    2.  [Upgrading from phpMyFAQ 2.9.x][24]
    3.  [Upgrading phpMyFAQ 3.0.x versions](#3.3)
    4.  [Modifying templates for phpMyFAQ 3.0.x][27]
4.  **[Frontend][28]**
    1.  [Change languages][29]
    2.  [RSS Feeds][30]
    3.  [Advanced search][31]
    4.  [Instant Response][32]
    5.  [Add FAQ][33]
    6.  [Add questions][34]
    7.  [Open questions][35]
    8.  [Submit translation][36]
    9.  [Social networks][37]
    10. [Internal references][38]
    11. [Public user registration][39]
    12. [Complete secured FAQ][40]
5.  **[Administration][41]**
    1.  [User Administration][42]
    2.  [Group Administration][43]
    3.  [Section Administration][67]
    3.  [Category Administration][44]
    4.  [Record Administration][45]
    5.  [Comment Administration][46]
    6.  [Glossary][47]
    7.  [News Administration][48]
    8.  [Attachment Administration][49]
    9.  [Statistics][50]
    10. [Exports][51]
    11. [Backup][52]
    12. [Configuration][53]
    13. [Multisite Configuration][54]
6.  **[Customizing phpMyFAQ][55]**
    1.  [HTML Structure][56]
    2.  [Layout][57]
    3.  [More Templates][58]
7.  **[Customizing phpMyFAQ][59]**
    1.  [Creating custom layout][60]
8.  **[Developer documentation][61]**
    1.  [phpMyFAQ development][91]
    2.  [rest/json API][62]
9.  **[One more thing][63]**

* * *

# 1. <a name="1"></a>Introduction

phpMyFAQ is a multilingual, completely database-driven FAQ system. It supports various databases to store all data, 
PHP 7.2+ is needed in order to access this data. phpMyFAQ also offers a multi-language Content Management
System with a WYSIWYG editor and an Image Manager, real time search support with Elasticsearch, flexible multi-user 
support with user, group and section based permissions on categories and records, a wiki-like revision feature, a news 
system, user-tracking, 40+ supported languages, enhanced automatic content negotiation, HTML5/CSS3 based responsive 
templates with support for own text and HTML snippets, PDF-support, a backup-system, a dynamic sitemap, related FAQs, 
tagging, RSS feeds, built-in spam protection systems, OpenLDAP and Microsoft Active Directory support, and an easy to 
use installation script. You can run phpMyFAQ on almost every web hosting provider or in the cloud in a Docker 
container.

This documentation should help you with installing, administrating and using phpMyFAQ.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 1.1. <a name="1.1"></a>License

phpMyFAQ is published under the [Mozilla Public License Version 2.0](http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/) (MPL). This 
license guarantees you the free usage of phpMyFAQ, access to the source code and the right to modify and distribute 
phpMyFAQ.

The only restrictions apply to the copyright, which remains at all times at Thorsten Rinne and the phpMyFAQ Team. Any 
modified versions of phpMyFAQ will also fall under the terms of MPL. Any other program, that may only be accessing 
certain functions of phpMyFAQ is not affected by these restrictions and may be distributed under any type of license.

A commercial usage or commercially distribution of phpMyFAQ, e.g. on CD-ROMs, is allowed, as long as the conditions 
mentioned above are met.

We decided to use MPL as the licensing model for phpMyFAQ because we feel that it is a good compromise between the 
protection of the openness and free distribution on the one hand and the interaction with other software regardless of 
its licensing model. When compared to other licensing models its text is short and easily comprehensible, even for 
newcomers.

This documentation is licensed under a [Creative Commons License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/).

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 1.2. <a name="1.2"></a>Support

If you should run into any problems using phpMyFAQ check out our support forums at 
[forum.phpmyfaq.de](https://forum.phpmyfaq.de). You can also use our Twitter account 
[@phpMyFAQ](https://twitter.com/phpMyFAQ) to ask us short question if they fit into 280 characters. There is no free 
support by phone or email, please refrain from calling or mailing us.

The phpMyFAQ team offers the following paid services:

* Customizing
* Support

If you're interested, just take a look at our [support page](http://www.phpmyfaq.de/support).

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 1.3. <a name="1.3"></a>Copyright

© 2001-2020 by Thorsten Rinne and phpMyFAQ Team under the [Mozilla Public License 2.0](http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/). 
All rights reserved.

[back to top][64]

* * *

# 2. <a name="2"></a>Installation

## 2.1. <a name="2.1"></a>Requirements for phpMyFAQ

phpMyFAQ addresses a database system via PHP. In order to install it locally you will need a web server that meets the 
following requirements:

*   **[PHP](http://www.php.net)**
    *   from version 7.2+
    *   memory_limit = 64M (the more the better)
    *   cURL support
    *   GD support
    *   XMLWriter support
    *   JSON support
    *   Filter support
    *   SPL support
    *   FileInfo support
*   **Web server** ( [Apache](http://httpd.apache.org) 2.x or [nginx](http://www.nginx.net/) 1.0+ or [IIS](http://www.microsoft.com/) 7.0+)
*   **Database server**
    *   [MySQL](http://www.mysql.com) (via MySQLi extension)
    *   [PostgreSQL](http://www.postgresql.org)
    *   [Microsoft SQL Server](http://www.microsoft.com/sql/) 2012 and later
    *   [SQLite](http://www.sqlite.org)
    *   [MariaDB](http://montyprogram.com/mariadb/) (via MySQLi extension)
    *   [Percona Server](http://www.percona.com) (via MySQLi extension)
*   **Search engines** (optional)
    *   [Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch) 6.x
*   correctly set: access permissions, owner, group
*   **Docker** (optional)

You can only run phpMyFAQ successfully with constraints affect the directives open_basedir and disable_functions, which 
can be set in the central php.ini or the httpd.conf respectively.

In case PHP runs as module of the Apache, you will have to be able to do a chown on the files before installation. The 
files and directories must be owned by the web server's user.

You can determine which versions your web server is running by creating a file called **info.php** with the following 
content: `<?php phpinfo(); ?>`

Upload this file to your web space and open it using your browser. The installation-script checks which version of PHP 
is installed on your server. Should you not meet the requirements, you cannot start the installation process.

In case you're running PHP before 7.2 you cannot use phpMyFAQ.

phpMyFAQ uses a modern HTML5/CSS3 powered markup. The supported browsers are latest Mozilla Firefox (Windows/macOS/Linux),
latest Safari (macOS/iOS), latest Chrome (Windows/macOS/Linux), latest Opera (Windows/macOS/Linux) and Microsoft Edge 
(Windows/macOS). 

We recommend to use always the latest version of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera or Microsoft Edge.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.2. <a name="2.2"></a>Preparations

### 2.2.1. <a name="2.2.1"></a>Classic Shared Web Hosting

You can install phpMyFAQ via one of the provided packages as .zip or .tar.gz or using Git. If you choose our package, 
download it and unzip the archive on your hard disk. 

If you want to use Git, please run the following commands on your shell:

    $ git clone git@github.com:thorsten/phpMyFAQ.git 3.0
    $ cd phpMyFAQ
    $ curl -s https://getcomposer.org/installer | php
    $ php composer.phar install
    $ curl -o- -L https://yarnpkg.com/install.sh | bash
    $ yarn install
    $ yarn build

You can modify the layout of phpMyFAQ using templates. A description of how this is done can be found [below][55]. Copy 
all unzipped files to your web server in a directory using FTP. A good choice would be the directory **faq/**.
**Important:**
Writing permission for your script is needed in this directory to be able to write the file **config/database.php** 
during installation. This is the case if you're running PHP as CGI or as mod_php with disabled safe-mode. The 
installation script will stop when your web server isn't configured as needed.

It might help to set chmod 775 to the whole phpMyFAQ directory to avoid problems during the installation. If you're 
running a very restrictive mod_php installation you should keep the chmod 775 for the following files and directories 
even after the successful installation:

*   the directory **attachments/**
*   the directory **config/**
*   the directory **data/**
*   the directory **images/**

All other directories shouldn't be world-writable for your own security.

**Note**: If you're running SELinux, you may need further configuration or you should disable it at all.

The database user needs the permissions for CREATE, DROP, ALTER, INDEX, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE and SELECT on all tables 
in the database.

### 2.2.2. <a name="2.2.2"></a>Cloud Hosting via Docker

You first need a database, let's try with a MariaDB container:

    $ docker run -ti -n phpmyfaq-db mariadb

Then start the phpMyFAQ web application:

    $ docker run -ti --link phpmyfaq-db:db -p 8080:80 phpmyfaq/phpmyfaq

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.3. <a name="2.3"></a>Setup

Open your browser and type in the following URL:

`http://www.example.com/faq/setup/index.php`

Substitute **www.example.com** with your actual domain name. When the site is loaded enter the address of your database 
server (e.g. db.provider.com), the database port, your database username and password as well as the database name. The 
database have to be created with UTF-8 character set before running the installation script. You can leave the 
prefix-field empty. If you are planning on using multiple FAQs in one database you will have to use a table prefix, 
though (i.e. *sport* for a sports FAQ, *weather* for a weather FAQ, etc.). Please note that only letters and an 
underline: "_" can be used as the prefix.

If your PHP was compiled with the LDAP extension you can add your LDAP information, too. Then you can to insert your 
LDAP information as well.

When using multiple FAQs you need to install them independently into different directories (e.g. faq1/, faq2/. faq3/ 
etc.). In addition you can enter your language, default here is English. Furthermore you should register your name, your 
email address and - very importantly - your password. You must enter the password twice and it have to be at least six 
characters long. Then click the button **"install"** to initialize the tables in your database.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.4. <a name="2.4"></a>First Steps

You can enter the public area of your FAQ by entering

`http://www.example.com/faq/index.php`

into your browser's address field. Your FAQ will be empty and presented in the the standard layout.

To configure phpMyFAQ point your browser to

`http://www.example.com/faq/admin/index.php`

Use the username **admin** and your selected password for your first login into the admin section.

Some variables that does not change regularly, they can be edited in the file *config/constants.php*. You can change 
the

* the time zone of your server (default: "Europe/Berlin")
* the timeout in the admin section (default: 30 minutes)
* the timeout warning pop-up in the admin section (default: 5 minutes)
* the solution id start value (default: 1000)
* the incremental value of the solution id (default: 1)
* the number of records in the Top10 (default: 10)
* the number of latest records (default: 5)
* the number of open questions in the RSS feed (default: 50)
* flag with which Latest and Top Ten RSS feeds will be forced to use the current PMF SEO URL schema (default: true)
* flag with which Google site map will be forced to use the current PMF SEO URL schema (default: true)
* the number with which the Tags Cloud list is limited to (default: 50)
* the number with which the autocomplete list is limited to (default: 20)

[back to top][64]

* * *

##2.5. <a name="2.5"></a>Notes regarding the search functionality

* The boolean full-text search will only work with MySQL and if there are some entries in the database (5 or more). 
The term you are looking for should also not be in more than 50% of all your entries, or it will automatically be 
excluded from search. This is not a bug, but rather a feature of MySQL.
* The search on other databases are using currently the LIKE operator.
* To improve the search functionality you can use Elasticsearch support as well, please check this [documentation][66].

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.6. <a name="2.6"></a>Automatic content negotiation

To set the default language in your browser you have to set a variable that gets passed to the web server. How this is 
done depends on the browser you are using.

* Mozilla Firefox

    `Tools -> Options -> Content -> Languages`

* Mozilla Seamonkey and later versions

    `Edit -> Preferences -> Navigator -> Languages`

* Google Chrome

    `Settings -> Details -> Language settings`

* Safari

Safari uses the macOS system preferences to determine your preferred language:

    `System preferences -> International -> Language`

* Opera

    `File -> Preferences -> Languages`

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.7. <a name="2.7"></a>PHP settings

* We recommend using a PHP accelerator or OpCode cache like APC
* Allocate at least 64MB of memory to each PHP process
* Required extensions: GD, JSON, Session, MBString, Filter, XMLWriter, SPL, FileInfo
* Recommended configuration:

        register_globals = off
        safe_mode = off (recommended)
        memory_limit = 64M
        file_upload = on

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.8. <a name="2.8"></a>Enabling support for SEO-friendly URLs

*Apache Web server*

If you want to enable the search engine optimization you have to activate the mod\_rewrite support in the admin backend 
in the configuration page. You also have to edit the path information for the "RewriteBase". If you installed phpMyFAQ 
on root directory "/" you should set in `RewriteBase /` Please check, if `AllowOverride All` is set correctly in your 
httpd.conf file so that the .htaccess rules work.

*nginx Web server*

If you want to enable the search engine optimization you have to copy the rewrite rules in the file nginx.conf to your 
nginx.conf. Then you have to activate the URL rewrite support in the admin backend in the configuration page.

*IIS Web server*

If you want to enable the search engine optimization you have to activate the URL rewrite support in the admin backend 
in the configuration page.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.9. <a name="2.9"></a>Enabling LDAP support

If you're entered the correct LDAP information during the installation you have to enable the LDAP support in the 
configuration in the admin backend. Now your user can authenticate themselves in phpMyFAQ against your LDAP server or 
even an Microsoft Active Directory.

If you need special options for your LDAP or ADS configuration you can change the LDAP configuration in the admin
configuration panel.

If you want to add LDAP support later, you can use the file **config/ldap.php.original** as template and if you rename 
it to **config/ldap.php** you can use the LDAP features as well after you enabled it in the administration backend.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.10. <a name="2.10"></a>PDF export

Main features of the PDF export:

* supports all ISO page formats;
* supports custom page formats, margins and units of measure;
* supports UTF-8 Unicode and Right-To-Left languages;
* supports TrueTypeUnicode, OpenTypeUnicode, TrueType, OpenType, Type1 and CID-0 fonts;
* includes methods to publish some HTML code;
* includes graphic (geometric) and transformation methods;
* includes methods to set Bookmarks and print a Table of Content;
* supports automatic page break;
* supports automatic page numbering and page groups;
* supports automatic line break and text justification;
* supports JPEG and PNG images natively, all images supported by GD (GD, GD2, GD2PART, GIF, JPEG, PNG, BMP, XBM, XPM)

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.11. <a name="2.8"></a>Static solution ID

phpMyFAQ features a static solution ID which never changes. This ID is visible next to the question on a FAQ record 
page. You may think why do you need such an ID? If you have a record ID *1042* it is now possible to enter only the ID 
*1042* in the input field of the full-text search box, and you'll be automatically redirected to the FAQ record with the 
ID *1042*. By default, the numbers start at ID **1000**, but you can change this value in the file *inc/constants.php*. 
You can also change the value of the incrementation of the static IDs.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.12. <a name="2.13"></a>Spam protection**

phpMyFAQ performs these three checks on public forms:

1.  Check against IPv4 and IPv6 Network address
2.  Check against banned words
3.  Check against the captcha code

The IPv4 and IPv6 Network addresses can be added or removed in the configuration panel in the administration backend. 
If you want to add banned words to phpMyFAQ, then you have to edit the file *src/blockedwords.txt*. Please add only 
one word per line.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.13. <a name="2.14"></a>Attachments**

phpMyFAQ supports encrypted attachments. The encryption uses the [AES](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard) 
algorithm implemented in mcrypt extension (if available) or with native PHP Rijndael implementation. The key size vary 
depending on implementation used and can be max 256 bits long. Use of mcrypt extension is strongly recommended because 
of performance reasons, its availability is checked automatically at the run time.

Please be aware:

* Disabling encryption will cause all files be saved unencrypted. In this case you'll benefit sparing disk space, 
because identical files will be saved only once.
* Do not change the default attachment encryption key once files was uploaded. Doing so will cause all the previously 
uploaded files to be wrong decrypted. If you need to change the default key, you will have to re-upload all files.
* Always memorize your encryption keys. There is no way to decrypt files without a correct key.
* Files are always saved with names based on a virtual hash generated from several tokens (just like key and issue id 
etc), so there is no way to asses a file directly using the name it was uploaded under.
* Download continuation isn't (yet?) supported.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.14. <a name="2.15"></a>Twitter support**

phpMyFAQ supports Twitter via OAuth. If you enable Twitter support in the social network configuration and add phpMyFAQ
as a Twitter application on [twitter.com](https://dev.twitter.com/apps/new), all new FAQ additions in the administration
backend will also post the question of the FAQ, the URL of the FAQ and all tags as hashtags to Twitter, e.g. the tag
"phpMyFAQ" will be converted to "#phpmyfaq".

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.15 <a name="2.16"></a>Server side recommendations**

***MySQL / Percona Server / MariaDB***

    interactive_timeout = 120
    wait_timeout = 120
    max_allowed_packet = 64M

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.16 <a name="2.17"></a>Syntax Highlighting**

The bundled [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) syntax highlighting component will find and highlight code inside 
of &lt;pre&gt;&lt;code&gt; tags; it tries to detect the language automatically. If automatic detection doesn't work for 
you, you can specify the language in the class attribute:

    <pre><code class="html">...</code></pre>

The list of supported language classes is available in the class reference. Classes can also be prefixed with either 
language- or lang-.

To disable highlighting altogether use the "nohighlight" class:

    <pre><code class="nohighlight">...</code></pre>

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 2.17 <a name="2.18"></a>Elasticsearch Support**

To improve the search performance and quality of search results it's possible to use Elasticsearch 5.x. You need a
running Elasticsearch 5.x installation accessible by phpMyFAQ via HTTP/REST. You can add the IP(s)/Domain(s) and port(s)
of your Elasticsearch cluster during installation or later by renaming the Elasticsearch file located in the folder
config/. If you choose to add this during installation, the file will be automatically written and the index will be 
built.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**3. <a name="3"></a>Upgrading**

First, please download the latest package of phpMyFAQ. Upgrading to phpMyFAQ 3.0.x is possible from the following 
versions:

* phpMyFAQ 2.8.x
* phpMyFAQ 2.9.x
* phpMyFAQ 3.0.x

If you're running an older version of phpMyFAQ we recommend a new and fresh install. If you need support for updating 
an old FAQ from the 1.x, 2.0.x, 2.5.x, 2.6.x or 2.7.x series, please send us an [e-mail][68].

[back to top][64]

* * *

**3.1. <a name="3.1"></a>Upgrading from phpMyFAQ 2.8.x**

Upgrading from 2.8.x is a major upgrade. Please make a full backup before you run the upgrade! First you have to delete 
all files **except**:

*   **database.php** and **ldap.php** (if you use LDAP) in the directory **config/**
*   all files in the directory **assets/template/**
*   the directory **attachments/**
*   the directory **data/**
*   the directory **images/**

Download the latest phpMyFAQ package and copy the contents into your existing FAQ directory, the open the following 
URL in your browser:

`http://www.example.com/faq/setup/update.php`

Choose your installed phpMyFAQ version and click the button of the update script, your version will automatically be 
updated. You have to update a lot of your template files due to our change using the Bootstrap framework.

You have to move your template files to the directory **assets/template/**. The default layout is be stored in the 
folder **assets/template/default/**.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**3.2. <a name="3.2"></a>Upgrading from phpMyFAQ 2.9.x**

Upgrading from 2.9.x is a major upgrade. Please make a full backup before you run the upgrade! First you have to delete 
all files **except**:

*   **database.php** and **ldap.php** (if you use LDAP) in the directory **config/**
*   all files in the directory **assets/template/**
*   the directory **attachments/**
*   the directory **data/**
*   the directory **images/**

Download the latest phpMyFAQ package and copy the contents into your existing FAQ directory, the open the following 
URL in your browser:

`http://www.example.com/faq/setup/update.php`

Choose your installed phpMyFAQ version and click the button of the update script, your version will automatically be 
updated. You have to update a lot of your template files due to our change using the Bootstrap framework.

You have to move your template files to the directory **assets/template/**. The default layout is be stored in the 
folder **assets/template/default/**.

[back to top][64]

* * *

## 3.3. <a name="3.3"></a>Upgrading phpMyFAQ 3.0.x

Updating an existing phpMyFAQ 3.0.x installation is fairly simple. First you have to delete all files **except**:

*   all files in the directory **config/**
*   all files in the directory **assets/themes/**
*   the directory **attachments/**
*   the directory **data/**
*   the directory **images/**

Download the latest phpMyFAQ package and copy the contents into your existing FAQ directory, the open the following 
URL in your browser:

`http://www.example.com/faq/setup/update.php`

Choose your installed phpMyFAQ version and click the button of the update script, your version will automatically be 
updated.

### 3.3.1 <a name="3.3.1"></a>Additional update notes phpMyFAQ 3.0.1

Please update the file /assets/themes/default/templates/index.html as well.

### 3.3.2 <a name="3.3.2"></a>Additional update notes phpMyFAQ 3.0.2

Please update the file /assets/themes/default/templates/startpage.html as well.

### 3.3.3 <a name="3.3.3"></a>Additional update notes phpMyFAQ 3.0.3

Please update the files 

*   /assets/themes/default/templates/index.html
*   /assets/themes/default/templates/startpage.html 

as well.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**3.5. <a name="3.5"></a>Modifying templates for phpMyFAQ 3.0.x**

Your current v2.x templates are **not** compatible with phpMyFAQ 3.0 because we changed the complete CSS framework to 
Bootstrap v4.

We recommend you'll take a look at the main [Bootstrap documentation](http://getbootstrap.com/). Please don't forget 
that the style sheets are written with [SCSS](http://sass-lang.com/). You have to compile the SCSS files into CSS using 
a SCSS compiler with Node.js.

If you need help with theming phpMyFAQ please don't hesitate to ask in our [forum](https://forum.phpmyfaq.de/).
We will also release new themes from time to time on our homepage 
and release them as open source on our [Github page](https://github.com/phpMyFAQ/).

Note: The character set for all languages and templates is UTF-8. If you notice problems with e.g. German umlauts you 
have to convert your templates to UTF-8 encoding. Please use UNIX file endings \n instead of Windows file endings with 
\r\n.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4. <a name="4"></a>Frontend**

The public phpMyFAQ frontend has a simple, HTML5/CCS3 based default layout based on [Bootstrap v4](http://getbootstrap.com/). 
The header has the main links for the all categories, instant response, add FAQs, add questions, open questions, sitemap 
and contact. On the left side you only see the main categories. You can also change the current language at the bottom 
of the FAQ, use the global search in the center of the FAQ or use the login box in the upper right if you have a valid 
user account. On the right side you see a list of the most popular FAQ records, the latest records, and the sticky FAQ 
records. On the pages with the FAQ records you'll see the other records of the current category and the tag cloud if 
you're using tagging.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.1. <a name="4.1"></a>Change languages**

As written above there's a select box for changing the current language. If you're visiting a phpMyFAQ powered FAQ, the 
current language will be the one you're browser is using or the language which was selected by the administrator of the 
FAQ. If you change the language you'll see the categories and records of your chosen language. If there are no entries 
in this language you'll see no entries. If you're switching to languages with right to left text direction (for example 
Arabic, Hebrew or Farsi) the whole default layout will be switching according to the text direction.

**Note:** phpMyFAQ uses a WYSIWYG online editor that has support for multiple languages. However, phpMyFAQ comes only 
with English language pack installed so changing the current language will not change the language of WYSIWYG editor. 
If you would like to have WYSIWYG editor in another language, just download the latest 
[language pack](http://tinymce.moxiecode.com/download_i18n.php), extract it and upload the extracted files to 
admin/editor directory under your phpMyFAQ's installation directory on your web server.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.2. <a name="4.2"></a>RSS Feeds**

On the start page you can subscribe to three RSS feeds with the news of the FAQ, the most popular FAQs, all records per 
requested category and the latest records available in the FAQ. On the page with the open user questions you can 
subscribe to the RSS feed with these questions. All feeds are valid and compatible to the RSS 2.0 specification.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.3. <a name="4.3"></a>Advanced search**

On the page with the advanced search you have more possibilities to find an entry. You can search over all language if 
you want to. It's also possible to search only in one selected category. Additionally the link for the OpenSearch plugin 
is below the main search box. At the bottom of the search box you'll see a list of the most popular search terms.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.4. <a name="4.4"></a>Instant Response**

The Instant Response is directly built into the main search bar in the top of the FAQ with direct access to the whole
FAQ database and the page will return results while you're typing into the input form. For performance reasons only the
first 10 results will be suggested.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.5. <a name="4.5"></a>Add FAQ**

On the *Add FAQ* page it's possible for all users to add a new FAQ record. The users have to add a FAQ question, select
a category, add an answer, and they have to insert their name and e-mail address. If the spam protection is enabled they 
have to enter the correct captcha code, too. New FAQ entries won't be displayed and have to be activated by an 
administrator.

If an user is logged in, the name and e-mail address are filled automatically.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.6. <a name="4.6"></a>Add questions**

On the *Add question* page it's possible for all users to add a new question without an answer. If the question is 
submitted, phpMyFAQ checks the words for the question and will do a full text search on the database with the existing 
FAQs. If we found some matches the user will get some recommendations depending on the question he submitted.

The users have to add a question, select a category, and they have to insert their name and e-mail address. If the spam 
protection is enabled they have to enter the correct captcha code, too. By default new questions won't be displayed and 
have to be activated by an administrator.

If an user is logged in, the name and e-mail address are filled automatically.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.7. <a name="4.7"></a>Open questions**

This page displays all open questions and it's possible for all users to add an answer for this question. The user will 
be directed to the [add FAQ][33] page. If the spam protection is enabled they have to enter the correct captcha code, 
too.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.8. <a name="4.8"></a>Submit translation**

On every FAQ record page there's a select box for languages and a button to translate an existing FAQ record to another 
language. The translating user will be directed to a special [add content][33] page with the original entry and a 
stripped down WYSIWYG editor component. If the spam protection is enabled they have to enter the correct captcha code, 
too.

If an user is logged in, the name and e-mail address are filled automatically.

Note: Please do not forget to add also a translated category, otherwise you won't be able to activate the translated 
entry.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.9. <a name="4.9"></a>Social networks**

On every FAQ page there are a direct links to various social networks to share the current FAQ page. The supported 
social networks are:

* [Twitter](http://www.twitter.com)

You can disable the support for social networks completely in the administration backend.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.10. <a name="4.10"></a>Internal references**

For better usability there are some helpful links below every FAQ record. If the administrator added tags to the records 
they will be displayed next to five (or more) related articles. The related articles are based on the content of the 
current FAQ entry. On the right side you'll see links to all entries of the current category and the complete tag cloud 
of the whole FAQ.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.11. <a name="4.11"></a>Public user registration**

On the upper right border of the default layout the users of the FAQ also have the possibility to register themselves. 
The user generated accounts are unactivated by default and the administrator has to activate them.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**4.12. <a name="4.13"></a>Complete secured FAQ**

If enabled by the administrator a phpMyFAQ installation can be completely secured. This means all content is only 
available after a successful login. For RSS feeds we provide a simple HTTP auth logic within the feeds to access for 
registered users. To avoid crawled content on search engines you should change the meta tags in index.html file 
from *INDEX, FOLLOW* to *NOINDEX, NOFOLLOW*.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5. <a name="5"></a>Administration**

The administration of phpMyFAQ is completely browser-based. The admin area can be found under this URL:

`http://www.example.com/faq/admin/index.php`

You can also login in the public frontend and after the successful login you'll see a link to administration backend, 
too.

If you have lost your password you can reset it. A new random password will be generated and sent to you via e-mail. 
Please change it after your successful login with the generated password.

After entering your username and password you can log into the system. On the start page you can see the administration 
menu on the top, some statistics about visits, entries, news and comments in the middle of the page. At the bottom of 
the main admin page you'll see a button for version information. If you click on that button your version of phpMyFAQ 
will check the latest version number from our website phpmyfaq.de. We do not log anything in this process! A second 
button is our online verification service. Then clicking on the button phpMyFAQ calculates a SHA-1 hash for all files 
and checks it against a web service provided on phpmyfaq.de. With this service it's possible to see if someone changed 
files.

You can switch the current language in the administration backend and you have an info box about the session timeout.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.1. <a name="5.1"></a>User Administration**

phpMyFAQ offers a flexible management of privileges (or rights) for different users in the admin area. To search for a 
certain user just start typing the username in the input form and you'll get a list of hits for usernames. It is 
possible to assign different privileges to real people (represented by the term users). Those privileges are very 
detailed and specific, so that you could allow a certain user to edit but not to delete an entry. It is very important 
to contemplate which user shall get which privileges. You could edit an entry by completely deleting all content, which 
would be equivalent to deleting the whole entry. The number of possible users is not limited by phpMyFAQ.

Keep in mind that new users have no privileges at all, you will have to assign them by editing the user's profile.

A user without any permission in the admin section can still gets read access to categories and records. You can set 
the permissions on categories and records in the category and record administration frontend.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.2. <a name="5.2"></a>Group Administration**

phpMyFAQ also offers a flexible management of privileges (or rights) for different groups in the admin area. You can set 
permissions for groups in the same way like for users described in the topic above.

Please note that the permissions for a group are higher rated than the permissions on a user. To enable the group 
permissions, please set the permission level from *basic* to *medium* in the main configuration.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.3. <a name="5.3"></a>Section Administration**

Sections in phpMyFAQ are a little bit special. You can define sections for large FAQ installation to separate content
not only between different groups but even for section. A section could be a part of a big corporate company.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.4. <a name="5.4"></a>Category Administration**

phpMyFAQ lets you create different categories and nested sub-categories for your FAQs. You can also re-arrange your 
categories in a different order. It is possible to use various languages per category, too; there's also a frontend to
view all translated categories. For accessibility reasons you should add a small description for every category. You can
add an image for every category, which will be shown even on the start page, if you flag this category with this 
configuration. If you add a new category, you can set the permissions for users and groups, and you can bind an 
administrator to that category. This is quite nice if you want to share the work in your FAQ between various admin 
users.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.5. <a name="5.5"></a>FAQ Administration**

You can create entries directly in the admin area. Created entries are NOT published by default. All available FAQs are 
listed on the page "Edit FAQs". By clicking on them the same interface that lets you create records will open up, this 
time with all the relevant data of the specific entry. The meaning of the fields is as follows:

*   **Category**
    
    The place in the FAQ hierarchy where this entry will be published depends on these settings. You can choose one or 
    more categories where to store the entry. If you want to add a FAQ record to more than one category you have to 
    
    select the categories with your mouse and press the CTRL key.
*   **Question**
    
    This is the question or headline of your entry.
*   **Answer**
    
    The content is an answer to the question or a solution for a problem. The content can be edited with the included 
    WYSIWYG (**W**hat **Y**ou **S**ee **I**s **W**hat **Y**ou **G**et) editor when JavaScript is enabled. You can place 
    images where you want with the integrated image manager. The Editor can be disabled in the configuration if you want.
    
*   **Language**
    
    You can select the language of your FAQ. By default the selected language saved in the configuration will be chosen. 
    You can create entries in multiple languages like this: Write an article in English (or any other language) and save 
    it. Now choose *Edit FAQs* and edit your English FAQ record. Change the question, answer and keywords and change 
    language to, let's say Brazilian Portuguese. *Save* the FAQ record. Now you can, when you click *edit records*, see 
    both FAQs in your list, having the same id, yet different languages.
    
*   **Attachments**
     
    You can add attachments like PDFs or any other binary data using the **Add attachment** button. If you click on the 
    button, a popup opens and you can upload an attachment. Please keep in mind that the PHP configuration about upload 
    size will be checked.
 
*   **Keywords**
    
    Keywords are relevant for searching through the database. In case you didn't include a specific word in the FAQ 
    itself, but it is closely related to the content you may wish to include it as a keyword, so the FAQ will come up as 
    a search result. It is also possible to use non-related keywords so that a wrongly entered search will also lead to 
    the right results.
    
*   **Tags**
    
    You can add some tags about the current FAQ here. An Ajax-based auto-completion method helps you while typing your 
    tags.
    
*   **Author**

    It is possible to specify an author for your FAQ.
    
*   **Email**

    It is possible to specify the author's email for your FAQ, but the email address won't be shown in the frontend.
    
*   **Solution ID**
    
    Every FAQ generates automatically a so-called solution ID. All records can be accessed directly by putting this ID 
    into the search box.
    
*   **Active?**
    
    If a FAQ is "active" it is visible in the public area and will be included in searches. Is it "deactivated" it will 
    be invisible. Suggested FAQs are deactivated by default to prevent any abuse.
*   **Sticky?**

    If a FAQ is "sticky" it is a very important FAQ record and will be shown always on all pages on the right column. 
    You should mark records as sticky if they are very important for your whole FAQ. Sticky records also appear at the 
    top positions of the lists of FAQ entries.
    
*   **Comments?**
    
    If you do not want to allow public comments for this FAQ you can disable the feature here.
*   **Revision**
    
    Like a wiki, phpMyFAQ supports revisions of every entry. New revisions won't be created automatically but you can 
    create a new one if you click on "yes". The old revision will be stored in the database and the new current revision 
    will be displayed in the public frontend. You can also bring back old revisions into the frontend if you select an 
    old revision and save them as a new one.
    
*   **Date**

    You have three options for the FAQ creation date. You can choose to refresh the date of the FAQ entry for every 
    update, or you can keep the date, or you can set an individual date for the FAQ entry.
    
*   **Permissions**

    If you add or edit a new entry, you can set the permissions for users and groups. Please note that the permissions 
    of the chosen category override the permissions of the FAQ itself.
    
*   **Record expiration time window**

    If you need to you can set a time frame from one date to a second date when the FAQ entry should be valid and 
    visible. Before and after this time frame the entry isn't visible and cannot be accessed.
    
*   **Date**

    Date of the last change.
    
*   **Changed?**

    This field is reserved for comments that can reflect what changes have been applied to a certain entry. This helps 
    multiple admins to keep track of what happened to the entry over time. Any information entered here will remain 
    invisible in the public area.
    
*   **Changelog**

    The changelog lists all previous changes, including user and date of change.

You can edit and delete all records as well. Please note that old revisions won't be deleted until the whole FAQ is 
deleted.

phpMyFAQ lets visitors contribute to the FAQ by asking questions. Every visitor is able to view these open questions in 
the public area, and may give an answer. If you wish to get rid of open questions you can do so using this section. 
Alternatively you can take over a question and answer it yourself and hereby add it to the FAQ.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.6. <a name="5.6"></a>Comment Administration**

In this straight frontend you can see all comments that have been posted in the FAQs and the news. You cannot edit 
comments but you can delete them with one easy click.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.7. <a name="5.7"></a>Glossary**

A glossary is a list of terms in a particular domain of knowledge with the definitions for those terms. You can add, 
edit and delete glossary items here. The items will be automatically displayed in <abbr> tags in the frontend.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.8. <a name="5.8"></a>News Administration**

phpMyFAQ offers the ability to post news on the starting page of your FAQ. In the administration area you can create new 
items, edit existing news or delete them.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.9. <a name="5.9"></a>Attachment Administration**

In the attachment administration you can see an overview of all all attachments with their filename, file size, language 
and MIME type. You can delete them, too.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.10. <a name="5.10"></a>Statistics**

Below every entry visitors have the chance to rate the overall quality of a FAQ by giving ratings from 1 to 5 (whereas 
1 is the worst, 5 the best rating). In the statistics the average rating and number of votes becomes visible for every 
rated entry. To give you a quick overview entries with an average rating of 2 or worse are displayed in red, an average 
above 4 results in a green number.

**View Sessions**
This functions lets you keep track of your visitors. Every visitor is assigned an ID when coming to your starting page, 
that identifies him during his whole visit. Using the information gathered here you could reconstruct the way visitors 
use your FAQ and make necessary adjustments to your categories, content or keywords.

**View Adminlog**
The adminlog allows you to track any actions taken by users in the admin area of phpMyFAQ. If you feel you have an 
intruder in the system you can find out for sure by checking the admin log.

**Search statistics**
On the search statistics page you'll get a report about which keywords and how often your users are searching. This 
information is split into keywords, the number of searches for this term, the language and the overall percentage.

**Reports**
On the reports page you can select various data columns to generate a report about content and usage of your FAQ 
installation. You can export the report then a CSV file.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.11. <a name="5.11"></a>Exports**

You can export your contents of your whole FAQ or just some selected categories into four formats:

* a JSON file
* a XML file
* a plain HTML5 file
* a PDF file with a table of contents

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.12. <a name="5.12"></a>Backup**

Using the backup function it is possible to create a copy of the database to a single file. This makes it possible to 
restore the FAQ after a possible "crash" or to move the FAQ from one server to another. It is recommended to make 
regular backups of your FAQ.

*   **backup data**
    A backup of all **data** will include all entries, users, comments, etc.
*   **backup logs**
    The sessions of visits and the adminlog will be saved (i.e. all **log** files). This information is not necessary 
    for running phpMyFAQ, they serve only statistical purposes.

To backup the whole data located on your web server you can run our simple backup script located in the folder /scripts.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.13. <a name="5.13"></a>Configuration**

*   **Main FAQ configuration**
    Here you can edit the general, the record, spam protection, search and social networks settings of phpMyFAQ. Should 
    you want to enter multiple email addresses in the configuration separate them by a comma (",").
*   **System information**
    On this page phpMyFAQ displays some relevant system information like PHP version, database version or session path.
    Please use this information when report bugs.
*   **FAQ Multi-sites**
    You can see a list of all multisite installations and you're able to add new ones.
*   **Stop Words configuration**
    We need stop words for the smart answering feature. If an user is adding a new question to your FAQ the words will 
    be checked against all FAQs in your database but without the stop words. Stop words are words with a very low 
    relevance like the English word "the".
*   **Elasticsearch configuration**
    Here you can create and drop the Elasticsearch index and you can run a full import of all data from your database 
    into the Elasticsearch index. You can also see some Elasticsearch relevant usage data.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**5.14. <a name="5.14"></a>Multisite Configuration**

*   In order to host several distinct installations (with different configs, different templates and most importantly, 
    different database credentials), but only want to update once, you need to follow these steps:
    *   Make sure you have the *multisite/* directory in your document root and *multisite.php* in it
    *   For every separate installation there needs to be a subdirectory of *multisite/* named exactly like the hostname 
        of the separate installation.
        For example, if you want to use *faq.example.org* and *beta.faq.example.org*, it needs to look like this:
        
            .
            |-- [...]
            |-- config
            |   |-- constants.php
            |   `-- database.php
            `-- multisite
                |-- multisite.php
                `-- beta.faq.example.org
                    |-- constants.php
                    `-- database.php


[back to top][64]

* * *

**6. <a name="6"></a>Customizing phpMyFAQ 3.x**

In phpMyFAQ code and layout are separated. The layout is based on several template files, that you can modify to suit 
your own needs. The most important files for phpMyFAQ's default layout can be found in the directory 
*assets/themes/default/*. All original templates are valid HTML5.

**Note:** You can change the layout of the admin area using the CSS file *admin/css/style.css*.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**6.1. <a name="6.1"></a>HTML Structure**

The default layout of phpMyFAQ is saved in the **assets/themes/default/templates/index.html** file. This is a normal 
HTML5 file including some variables in double curly brackets like Twig or Handlebars, serving as placeholders for 
content.

Example:

`<span class="useronline">{{ userOnline }}</span>`

The template-parser of the FAQ converts the placeholder *{{ userOnline }}* to the actual number of visitors online.

You can change the template as you wish, but you may want to keep the original template in case something goes wrong.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**6.2. <a name="6.2"></a>Layout**

This section needs more documentation.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**6.3. <a name="6.3"></a>More Templates**

You need an other template design or more HTML5/CSS3 features? Then write us an email and we can talk about it.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**7. <a name="7"></a>Customizing phpMyFAQ**

phpMyFAQ users have even more customization opportunities. The key feature is the user selectable template sets, there 
is a templates/default directory where the default layouts get shipped.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**7.1. <a name="7.1"></a>Creating a custom layout**

Follow these steps to create a custom template set:

*   copy the directory assets/themes/default to assets/themes/example
*   adjust template files in assets/themes/example to fit your needs
*   activate "example" within Admin->Config->Main

**Note:** There is a magic variable *{{ tplSetName }}* containing the name of the actual layout available in each 
template file.

[back to top][64]

* * *

**8. <a name="8"></a>Developer documentation**

This part of documentation is for developers who want to contribute to phpMyFAQ.

* * *

**8.1. <a name="8.1"></a>phpMyFAQ development**

phpMyFAQ is developed using PHP, JavaScript and SCSS. You find further information on our [homepage](/download).


[back to top][64]

* * *

**8.2. <a name="8.2"></a>REST API v2.0**

phpMyFAQ offers interfaces to access phpMyFAQ installations with other clients like the iPhone App. phpMyFAQ includes a 
RESTful API and offers APIs for various services like fetching the phpMyFAQ version or doing a search against the 
phpMyFAQ installation.

The REST API v1 from phpMyFAQ 2.x is marked deprecated in phpMyFAQ 3.0 and will be removed in phpMyFAQ 3.1.

## Open Endpoints

Open endpoints require no Authentication.

### General APIs

- [Version](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/version.md): `GET /api/v2.0/version`
- [Language](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/language.md): `GET /api/v2.0/language`
- [News](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/news.md): `GET /api/v2.0/news`
- [Categories](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/categories.md): `GET /api/v2.0/categories`
- [Tags](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/tags.md): `GET /api/v2.0/tags`
- [Open Questions](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/open-questions.md): `GET /api/v2.0/open-questions`

### Search related APIs

- [Search](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/search.md): `GET /api/v2.0/search?q=<search string>`
- [Popular Searches](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/searches/popular.md): `GET /api/v2.0/searches/popular`

### FAQ related APIs

- [Attachments](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/attachments.md): `GET /api/v2.0/attachments`
- [Comments](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/comments.md): `GET /api/v2.0/comments`
- [All FAQs](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs`
- [All FAQs per Category](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs/categoryId.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs/:categoryId`
- [All FAQs per Tags](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs/tags.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs/tags/:tagId`
- [FAQ](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faq.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faq/:faqId`
- [FAQ as PDF](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faq/pdf.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faq/:faqId?filter=pdf`
- [Latest FAQs](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs/latest.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs/latest`
- [Popular FAQs](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs/popular.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs/popular`
- [Sticky FAQs](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/faqs/sticky.md): `GET /api/v2.0/faqs/sticky`

### Login APIs

- [Login](https://github.com/thorsten/phpMyFAQ/blob/3.0/api-docs/login.md): `POST /api/v2.0/login`
    
[back to top][64]

* * *

**9. <a name="9"></a>One more thing**

Thank you for using phpMyFAQ! :-)

Author: Thorsten Rinne
Co-Authors: Stephan Hochhaus, Markus Gläser

Date: 2020-04-25

© 2001-2020 phpMyFAQ Team

This documentation is licensed under a [Creative Commons License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/).

[back to top][64]

 [1]: #1
 [2]: #1.1
 [3]: #1.2
 [4]: #1.3
 [5]: #2
 [6]: #2.1
 [7]: #2.2
 [8]: #2.3
 [9]: #2.4
 [10]: #2.5
 [11]: #2.6
 [12]: #2.7
 [13]: #2.8
 [14]: #2.9
 [15]: #2.10
 [16]: #2.11
 [17]: #2.12
 [18]: #2.13
 [19]: #2.14
 [20]: #2.15
 [21]: #2.16
 [22]: #3
 [23]: #3.1
 [24]: #3.2
 [25]: #3.3
 [26]: #3.4
 [27]: #3.5
 [28]: #4
 [29]: #4.1
 [30]: #4.2
 [31]: #4.3
 [32]: #4.4
 [33]: #4.5
 [34]: #4.6
 [35]: #4.7
 [36]: #4.8
 [37]: #4.9
 [38]: #4.10
 [39]: #4.11
 [40]: #4.12
 [41]: #5
 [42]: #5.1
 [43]: #5.2
 [44]: #5.4
 [45]: #5.5
 [46]: #5.6
 [47]: #5.7
 [48]: #5.8
 [49]: #5.9
 [50]: #5.10
 [51]: #5.11
 [52]: #5.12
 [53]: #5.13
 [54]: #5.14
 [55]: #6
 [56]: #6.1
 [57]: #6.2
 [58]: #6.3
 [59]: #7
 [60]: #7.1
 [61]: #8
 [62]: #8.2
 [63]: #9
 [64]: #top
 [65]: #2.17
 [66]: #2.18
 [67]: #5.3

