---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2001
description: The PHP3 beginnings with phpMyFAQ 0.x and the final phpMyFAQ 1.0 release
canonical: news/2001
layout: news_md.hbs
---

**2001-11-23**

---

Due to acute lack of time, the release of version 1.1.0 has been postponed to December 2001.

**2001-11-09**

---

About half of the new version (1.1.0 alpha3) of phpMyFAQ is now finished, with the public area already completed and operational.
We are currently working on the admin area and the update script from versions 1.0.x.

**2001-10-16**

---

As of today, phpMyFAQ 1.0.1a is available. In this version, all files have the extension .php in case you want to run phpMyFAQ on a server that doesn't parse .php3 files.
No new features have been implemented.
We've also activated our own FAQ for phpMyFAQ today.

**2001-10-10**

---

Unfortunately, there were some minor bugs in the installation script and update script. These have now been fixed in version 1.0.1.

**2001-09-30**

---

Version 1.0 of phpMyFAQ is complete after almost 8 months of development!

**2001-09-28**

---

To improve support for phpMyFAQ, we have now integrated a [forum](https://forum.phpmyfaq.de/).

**2001-09-11**

---

As of today, the new phpMyFAQ with version number 0.95 is complete and can now be requested by our customers.
This version is our Release Candidate 1 and contains the code for version 1.0.
The changes can be viewed in the [ChangeLog](/changelog).

**2001-09-09**

---

The [documentation](/documentation) is finished, and Release Candidate 1 of the FAQ is now complete as well.
We are now testing this version extensively and will release version 0.95 in the course of next week.

**2001-09-05**

---

Release Candidate 1 of phpMyFAQ, version 0.95, will be released in the second week of September.
A release of version 1.0 is therefore also possible for September 2001.

**2001-08-25**

---

The [documentation](/documentation) is growing slowly, and we now also offer the English language file for [free download](/download).

**2001-08-23**

---

Already one day earlier than planned, we are releasing [phpMyFAQ 0.90](/changelog) today.
Updaters will certainly appreciate the new update function.

**2001-08-19**

---

[Version 0.90](/changelog) is ready and is now being extensively tested.
The release date will probably be Friday, August 24, 2001.

**2001-08-14**

---

Version 0.90 is expected to be released in the last week of August.
This version is the final pre-release of phpMyFAQ before the official release of version 1.0.

**2001-07-20**

---

Before version 0.90, we are releasing a small update to version 0.87, which fixes some minor bugs.
Additionally, the TopTen and latest articles can now be hidden.

**2001-07-10**

---

The UBB-Parser of phpMyFAQ 0.85 had a serious bug.
This has now been fixed in the new version 0.86, along with some display errors in the admin area.

**2001-07-08**

---

As of today, the new phpMyFAQ with version number 0.85 is complete and can now be requested by our customers.
The new features can be viewed [here](/changelog).

**2001-07-06**

---

We've added [another feature](/changelog) into version 0.85. This version will be released in a few days.

**2001-06-30**

---

Version 0.85 is now ready and currently under extensive stress testing.

**2001-06-22**

---

To help report bugs, we added a form on our website which enables users to send bug reports to the phpMyFAQ developer team.

**2001-06-07**

---

As it turned out that phpMyFAQ 0.8 was rather buggy, we released a small bugfix update to version 0.80a

**2001-05-30**

---

As of today, version 0.8 is ready and can be downloaded by our customers. It can be tested on **http://stratofaq.ig4.de**.

**2001-05-26**

---

Development of version 0.8 has been completed, we are testing now the new release and hope to publish it soon.
Due to the bunch of new features, we skipped version 0.75.

**2001-04-28**

---

We released version 0.70 of the phpMyFAQ today. It can be tested on **http://stratofaq.ig4.de**.
