---
title: phpMyFAQ News from 2005
description: Support for PostgreSQL, MS SQL, and SEO optimized URLs with 1.5
canonical: news/2005
layout: news_md.hbs
---

**2005-12-19**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.5](/download). This release introduces support for
MaxDB, better keywords handling, and an admin search by record ID. The language detection was rewritten, and the Italian
translation was updated. We also fixed a lot of minor bugs.

**2005-11-18**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.4](/download). This release fixes multiple
Cross-Site Scripting vulnerabilities. All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as
possible to this latest version! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2005-11-18) is available. This
version also adds full support for IBM DB2 databases, re-ordering of sub-categories, and a Firefox/Mozilla search
plugin. The Hebrew, Simplified Chinese, Spanish translation, Italian, Japanese, and Danish translations were updated. It
also includes some minor improvements and many minor bugfixes.

**2005-10-15**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.3](/download). This release adds several security
enhancements and a Greek translation. The RSS feeds and the backup/restore frontend were improved. The Indonesian
translation and the bundled Net_IDNA class were updated. We also fixed a lot of minor bugs.

**2005-09-23**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.2](/download). This release fixes some
serious security issues like SQL injection, takeover, path disclosure, and remote code execution. All users of affected
phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest version! A
detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2005-09-23) is available. This version also fixes many minor bugs, has
better compliance to phpMyFAQ 1.4.x templates, and SQLite support is now stable.

**2005-09-19**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the release of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.1](/download). This release adds experimental
support for SQLite and a dynamic sitemap. A Norwegian Bokmål translation was added, and an improved image handling in
PDF export was implemented. Some minor bugfixes were made too.

**2005-08-20**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0](/download). After almost one year of
development and seven release candidates, this new version features support for MySQL, PostgreSQL, Sybase, and MS SQL
databases. phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 has also support for LDAP, and additionally, there's an experimental support for IBM DB2
databases. Now FAQ articles can be added to more than one category, and we support search engine-friendly URLs with
mod_rewrite. The template engine is faster, and the PDF export was completely rewritten. Besides the better RSS support,
you can export your complete FAQs to XML, XHTML, DocBook XML, and PDF.

**2005-08-15**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the releases of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.11 and 1.5.0 RC7](/download). These releases had
been made to fix a security-related issue. phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 RC7 also includes several fixes and adds support for IBM DB2.
All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest version! A
detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2005-08-15) is available.

**2005-08-01**
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the releases of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.10](/download). This release had been made to get
fully compatible with PHP 4.4.0.

**2005-07-31**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 RC6](/download). This version adds a
rewritten DocBook XML export class, fixes PostgreSQL sequence errors, PHP 4.4.0 reference issues, and the update script.
This RC includes also an improved category performance and an updated French language file. Do not use this version in
production systems, but test this version and report bugs!

**2005-06-29**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the releases of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.9 and 1.5.0 RC5](/download). These releases had
been made to fix a security-related issue. All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as
possible to this latest version! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2005-06-29) is available.

**2005-05-14**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 RC4](/download). This version includes an
experimental support for MySQL 4.1/5.0 using the PHP5 MySQLi extension. It also features the new default XHTML design
and fixes many, many minor bugfixes. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this version and report
bugs!

**2005-04-11**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the releases of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.8](/download). This release had been made to fix
some minor bugfixes in the PDF export and the RSS exports. The Japanese and Korean language files were updated too.

**2005-03-20**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 RC3](/download). This version included
bugfixes for Sybase, categories, and many minor fixes. Please don't forget the layout isn't finished yet. Do not use
this version in production systems, but test this version and report bugs!

**2005-03-06**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ team is pleased to announce the releases of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.7 and 1.5.0 RC2](/download). These releases had
been made to fix a security-related issue. A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2005-03-06) is available.

**2005-02-24**
* * *
The [first release candidate of phpMyFAQ 1.5.0](/download) is available. This version fixes a bug in the update script,
fixes some bugs in RSS feeds and in full-text search. The French language file was updated. Some minor bugfixes are
included too. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this version and report bugs!

**2005-02-20**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.6](/download). This version includes updated
French and Polish translations. Some bugs were fixed too.

**2005-02-05**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 beta3](/download). This version included an
updated bundled htmlArea version 3.0 RC3, some PostgreSQL related fixes, some LDAP related fixes, some fixes for better
accessibility, and many minor bugfixes. Do not use this version in production systems, but test this version and report
bugs!

**2005-01-30**
* * *
The [second beta version of phpMyFAQ 1.5.0](/download) is ready. This release contains a lot of bugfixes. Do not use
this version in production systems, but test this version and report bugs!

**2005-01-22**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.4.5](/download). This version corrects the
Japanese and Chinese translations. Some bugs were fixed too.

**2005-01-16**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 1.5.0 beta1](/download). This version introduces
experimental support for MSSQL servers and features lots of bugfixes. Do not use this version in production systems, but
test this version and report bugs!

**2005-01-07**
* * *
The [second alpha version of phpMyFAQ 1.5.0](/download) is available. This version is PHP5 compatible, introduces
ISAPI_rewrite for IIS webservers, and a faster template engine. LDAP support is now a selectable option, and the
traditional Chinese and Japanese language files were updated. Besides some code improvements, we fixed a lot of bugs. Do
not use this version in production systems, but test this version and report bugs!
