---
title: phpMyFAQ News from 2010
description: Everything's UTF-8 encoded now with phpMyFAQ 2.6
canonical: news/2010
layout: news_md.hbs
---

**2010-12-27**
* * *
After almost 3 years with the phpMyFAQ 2.5 based layout, we switched our website to a modern HTML5/CSS3 based layout. 
We checked the layout with all current browsers and dropped IE6 support.

**2010-12-15**
* * *
The main server of the phpMyFAQ Project was compromised in an attack, allowing a rogue version of the phpMyFAQ software 
to be uploaded and distributed since December 4th. 
We released [phpMyFAQ 2.6.13](/download) for affected users. A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2010-12-15) is available.

**2010-12-13**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.12](/download), the "Free Julian Assange" release. 
We added experimental support for MariaDB and an empty LDAP configuration file as an example. 
We also updated the Arabic, Dutch, French, and Norwegian Bokmal translations and fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-11-03**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.11](/download), the "I always thought 
something was fundamentally wrong with the universe" release. This release fixes some bugs introduced with phpMyFAQ 2.6.10.

**2010-11-02**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.10](/download), the "Loki Schmidt" release. We added several 
security enhancements and updated the Chinese (Simplified), German, and Portuguese translations. We also fixed some 
minor bugs.

**2010-09-28**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.9](/download), the "Tia Zoe" release. 
This release fixes a XSS vulnerability. All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as 
possible to this latest version! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2010-09-28) is available. We also added a Slovak translation 
and a minor usability improvement in the administration backend. Additionally, we fixed an issue with embedded Google 
Analytics code. This release is also dedicated to Roland Bobinger, Rebecca Waltenberger, and Emil Schemel.

**2010-08-31**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.8](/download), the "Laurent Fignon" release. We dropped the 
Oracle database support and added a new TinyMCE plugin for adding internal links by a suggest search. We also added a 
basic HTML5 powered administration backend and improved the setup and update functionality. The bundled TCPDF library 
was updated to version 5.6.000, the bundled TinyMCE editor component to version 3.3.8, and the bundled phpseclib to 
version 0.2.1. We also updated the Russian and Portuguese translations. We fixed a XML rendering issue and many minor 
bugs.

**2010-07-29**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.7](/download), the "Theo Albrecht" release. 
This release includes a completely refactored and unit-tested search backend, an improved pagination functionality, and 
we fixed various problems with Microsoft SQL Server Driver for PHP. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-06-21**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.6](/download), the "Heidi Kabel" release. This release includes 
a refactored database abstraction, fixes OpenLDAP authentication, fixes duplication of search results, fixes an issue 
with duplicate sitemap characters and some solution ID issues. We improved the glossary deletion workflow and updated 
the Brazilian Portuguese and Norwegian Bokmal translations. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-05-24**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.5](/download), the "Ronnie James Dio" release. 
This release updates the bundled TCPDF library to version 5.0.009 and the TinyMCE editor component to version 3.3.5.1. 
We refactored OpenSearch plugin code base and fixed small update issues in the update script, a missing language fallback 
issue in instant response, the user deletion in the admin backend, and a backup/restore bug. We updated the Polish, 
Russian, and Thai translations. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-04-18**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.4](/download), the "Eyjafjallajökull" release. This release adds 
experimental support for Microsoft SQL Server Driver for PHP and includes an improved FAQ record administration frontend 
and Sitemap titles. We updated the German, Romanian, and Swedish translations. We also fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-03-03**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.3](/download), the "Steve Fossett" release. 
This release fixes various mail issues and improves links rewriting, sitemap for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean content, 
and the meta keyword handling. We updated Portuguese and French translations. We also fixed a lot of minor bugs.

**2010-02-01**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.6.2](/download), the "Hildegard Knef" release. This release fixes 
an update script issue, the display of Chinese, Japanese, and Korean content in PDFs, some issues with RSS feeds, and 
the broken Spanish translation. We also updated the French translation and fixed some minor bugs.

**2010-01-23**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.6.1](/download), the "Oleg Velyky" release. 
This release updates the bundled TCPDF library to version 4.8.026 and we improved cookie handling. We also fixed a lot 
of bugs reported by our users the last two weeks.

**2010-01-19**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.5.7](/download), the "Herbert Wehner" release. This release 
improves the glossary detection and contains updated Dutch, Indonesian, Chinese (Simplified), Japanese, and Norwegian 
Bokmal translations. We fixed many minor bugs.

**2010-01-11**
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of our new major version, [phpMyFAQ 2.6.0](/download), the 
"Sir Edmund Hillary" release. With this release, we moved all language files to UTF-8 and added TCPDF as a replacement 
for the FPDF library. We also added support for TinyMCE translations, support for multi-language news, user-adjustable 
template sets and styles, support plurals in translations, a share on Facebook link,
