---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2013
description: Using PHP 5.3 and Bootstrap for phpMyFAQ 2.8
canonical: news/2013
layout: news_md.hbs
---

**2013-12-31**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.5](/download),
the "Nelson Mandela" release. This release includes fixes for SSO logins with mod_auth_kerb and
improves the HTTPS handling. We updated the Dutch and European Portuguese translation and fixed some
minor bugs and issues.

We wish all our users a happy new year 2014!

**2013-11-26**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of
[phpMyFAQ 2.8.4](/download), the "Wim Thoelke" release. This
releases fixes a serious permission vulnerability, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are
encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed
[security advisory](/security/advisory-2013-11-26) is available. We also
updated the Chinese (Traditional) and Dutch translation and fixed some issues as well.

**2013-11-18**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.3](/download),
the "Jeremy Hammond" release. This releases fixes a serious permission vulnerability, all users of
affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade as soon as possible to this latest versions! A
detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2013-11-18) is available.
We also improved HTML / CSS code and updated the Brazilian Portuguese, the Japanese, the Spanish and
the Swedish translation. We also fixed a lot of minor issues.

**2013-07-26**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of
[phpMyFAQ 2.8.2](/download), the "Helen Thomas" release. This
new version adds a French Canada translation and an improved attachment upload dialog using the
HTML5 File API. We also updated the Finnish translation and fixed some minor bugs.

**2013-06-26**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.8.1](/download),
the "Edward Snowden" release. We added minified CSS and JavaScript files and improved the usability
for group administration. We fixed the broken update routine for MS SQL and SQLite. We also fixed
IE8 related issues and our code is now HTML5 valid. The Arabic translation is now working and we
corrected some minor bugs.

**2013-03-14**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of
[phpMyFAQ 2.8.0](/download), the "Maurice Wilkes" release. This
major new release now requires PHP 5.3.3 or later and is licensed under the terms of the Mozilla
Public License 2.0. The HTML5/CSS3 layout is based on Twitter Bootstrap 2.3.2 and we ship the new
version with jQuery 1.9.1. We added multi site support, auto-save for FAQs during editing, an
improved advanced search in subcategories, the possibility to close and delete open questionsand to
delete multiple open questions. We also added an user control panel, support for Composer, a
configurable maintenance mode and an user notification for answered questions. With 2.8, it's also
possible to deactivate complete FAQ exports and to use random sorting of FAQs. We now support
Gravatar and our admin backend adds a graphical user statistic report. We dropped support for IBM
DB2, Interbase/Firebird and Sybase databases, we removed the support for PHP register_globals and
magic_quotes_gpc and had to remove the Google Translate API v1.

phpMyFAQ 2.7 is now out of support, so please update your FAQs to 2.8 as soon as possible.

**2013-04-18**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the forth release candidate of the next major version of
phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-RC4](/download), the "Albert Einstein"
release. We updated the Symfony ClassLoader to 2.2.1 and the Portuguese translation. We fixed all
reported bugs and improved some minor UX issues. Please don't use this version in production systems,
but test this version and please report bugs!

**2013-03-14**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of the third release candidate of the
next major version of phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-RC3](/download),
the "&Pi; Day" release. We improved English and German translations and some parts of the user
interface. We also fixed various JavaScript and PHP issues reported by our community and we
refactored a lot of code. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version
and please report bugs!

**2013-03-02**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the second release candidate of the next major version of
phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-RC2](/download), the "Roger Needham"
release. We We removed the Delicious support, we updated Bootstrap to 2.3.1 and the Symfony
ClassLoader to 2.2.0. We fixed all reported bugs and improved some minor UX issues. Please don't use
this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

**2013-02-12**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of the first release candidate of the
next major version of phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-RC](/download),
the "12th anniversary" release. We added a user statistic report in admin dashboard and updated the
bundled jQuery Sparklines plugin to version 2.1.1, the bundled Bootstrap to version 2.3.0 and jQuery
to version 1.9.1. As always, we fixed a lot of bugs and we refactored a lot of code. Please don't
use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

**2013-01-28**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce the third and last beta release of the next major version of
phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-beta3](/download), the "Aaron Swartz"
release. We added support for Gravatar and we added Font Awesome for better icons. As always, we
fixed a lot of bugs and we refactored a lot of code. Please don't use this version in production
systems, but test this version and please report bugs!

**2013-01-02**

* * *

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of the second beta release of the next
major version of phpMyFAQ, [phpMyFAQ 2.8.0-beta2](/download),
the "Release Early, Release Often" release. This version fixes the broken setup and we removed the
code of the now unsupported Google Translate API v1. As always, we fixed some bugs and we refactored
code. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report
bugs!