---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2017
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2017
layout: news_md.hbs
---

###2017-10-19
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.9](/download), the "Hugh Hefner" release.
This release fixes multiple security vulnerabilities, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade
as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2017-10-19) is available.
The release also updates the bundles packages Bootstrap, TinyMCE, Font Awesome and HighlightJS. It also fixes a lot of
minor issues.

###2017-07-19
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the first preview version of the next major version of phpMyFAQ,
[phpMyFAQ 2.10.0-alpha](/download), the "Helmut Kohl" release. This release pushes the PHP requirement to PHP 5.6 and we
updated all our dependencies to the latest versions. We added a LDAP configuration frontend, the possibility to 
enable/disable XML sitemap, we added support for category images and for categories on homepage. We added also an image 
slider template and an improved attachment overview. The REST/JSON API includes a basic login functionality. We removed
Bower support, please just use NPM or Yarn. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version 
and please report bugs!

###2017-07-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 2.9.8](/download), the "Roger Moore" release. We fixed a missing 
improper restriction to avoid brute force password attacks. A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2017-07-12)
is available. We added the possibility to search in LDAP sub groups and we fixed some issues. The French translation was
updated as well.

###2017-04-02
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.7](/download), the "Christine Kaufmann"
release. This release fixes a security vulnerability, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade
as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2017-04-02) is available.
The release also fixes a lot of minor issues.

###2017-01-27
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.6](/download), the "Carrie Fisher" release.
This release fixes a serious security vulnerability, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade
as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2017-01-27) is available.
This release also adds support for PHP 7.1 and we fixed a lot of issues.