---
title: phpMyFAQ news from 2018
description: What happened this year so far?
canonical: news/2018
layout: news_md.hbs
---

###2018-12-21
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-alpha.3](/download), the "111th release on Github" release. This
third pre-release marks a big step ahead with the changed PHP requirement to PHP 7.1 or later. We added the experimental
large permissions support with sections you can define in your FAQ installation. We also added support for Elasticsearch
v5 and later. We fixed a lot of issue found by our test users of the second alpha release and we updated almost all of
our bundled dependencies. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report
bugs!

###2018-09-02
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.11](/download), the "Aretha Franklin" release.
This release fixes multiple security vulnerabilities, all users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade
as soon as possible to this latest versions! A detailed [security advisory](/security/advisory-2018-09-02) is available.
The release also updates the bundles packages jQuery and Handlebars. It also fixes some minor issues.

###2018-06-08
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-alpha.2](/download), the "World Oceans Day" release. The
second pre-release marks a big step ahead with the changed PHP requirement to PHP 5.6+ and PHP 7+. We add a multiple
file upload for attachment, an automated hint for updates, an improved workflow for translating FAQs and we improved the
Docker support which is now really awesome. We fixed a lot of issues reported from the first alpha release back and we
updated a lot of our external dependencies. Please don't use this version in production systems, but test this version
and please report bugs!

###2018-02-17
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team would like to announce the availability of [phpMyFAQ 2.9.10](/download), the "Deniz Yücel" release.
This release updates the Dutch translation and some bundled dependencies. It also fixes a lot of minor issues.

###2018-02-12
* * *
The phpMyFAQ Team is pleased to announce [phpMyFAQ 3.0.0-alpha](/download), the "17 years and still living" release. This
new major pre-release marks a big step ahead with the changed PHP requirement to PHP 5.6+ and PHP 7+. We finally added
PHP namespaces, Docker support, a LDAP configuration frontend, a configuration for enable/disable XML sitemaps, support
for category images and categories on homepage, an image slider template, an improved attachment overview, HTML5 export
and we're ready for the EU General Data Protection Regulation. We improved our REST API including login and the sticky
records feature. We switched CSS development from LESS to SCSS and our template variable syntax is now compatible with
Twig/Handlebars. Our new mobile first template is based on Bootstrap v4. We removed the translation admin frontend, the 
XHTML export, support for ext/mssql, the bundled Symfony ClassLoader and Bower, we're now using NPM/Yarn only. Please
don't use this version in production systems, but test this version and please report bugs!