---
title: Security Advisory 2004-05-18
description: Vulnerabilities in phpMyFAQ versions 1.2.x, 1.3.x and 1.4.0
canonical: security/advisory-2004-05-18
layout: security.hbs
---

## Vulnerabilities in phpMyFAQ versions 1.2.x, 1.3.x and 1.4.0

<dl class="dl-horizontal">
  <dt>Issued on:</dt>
  <dd>2004-05-18</dd>
  <dt>Software:</dt>
  <dd>phpMyFAQ versions 1.2.x, 1.3.x and 1.4.0 alpha1</dd>
  <dt>Risk:</dt>
  <dd>medium</dd>
  <dt>Platforms:</dt>
  <dd>all</dd>
</dl>

The phpMyFAQ Team has learned of security vulnerabilities in phpMyFAQ versions 1.2.x, 1.3.x, and 1.4.0 alpha1.

## Description

phpMyFAQ includes template files and due to insufficient checking of the variables, there is a possibility for inclusion
of arbitrary local files when using phpMyFAQ with PHP as Apache module and an incorrectly set open_basedir directive.

## Impact

Both local and remote users may exploit these vulnerabilities to compromise the web server and, under certain
conditions, to gain privileged access. An intruder may be able to execute arbitrary code with the privileges of the web
server. These vulnerabilities may be exploited to compromise the web server and, under certain conditions, to gain
privileged access.

## Solution

The phpMyFAQ Team has released new phpMyFAQ versions, 1.3.13 and 1.4.0 alpha2, which incorporate a fix for the
vulnerabilities. All users of affected phpMyFAQ versions are encouraged to upgrade to this latest version. A patch for
the unsupported phpMyFAQ 1.2.x versions is available too.

## Workaround

These vulnerabilities shouldn't work when the open_basedir directive in the php.ini file is set correctly. The
magic_quotes_gpc directive should be enabled by default on most systems since it's the default for PHP and most
well-known distributions.

## Credits

The phpMyFAQ Team would like to thank Stefan Esser of e-matters GmbH for discovering this vulnerability. e-matters GmbH
has also released an independent advisory, describing the vulnerability in more detail.

Another thanks to Sven Michels (sectoor GmbH) for working out that magic_quotes_gpc turned on will prevent at least the
vulnerability in the stable version.
